all right
Y
hi guys girls what are you like
what game is this is all white and
black ops 2 multiplayer game
domain in the cargo map I had
opportunity to play the game during
the last days and I bring you here my
first opinions can not record the
first game I recorded it I commented on
direct but he had a technical problem he
recorded with the comment but wrong the
audio in order that I can not use it but
well I brought my first good game
jumps and dies and with my best
impressions my impressions let's what
what did I think in the first part
of the video I do it super well so
I will tell you so much on the floor
I'm going to tell you the things that I
like and in the second part of the video
It worked out worse for me, I'll tell you
the things that I do not like we are going to
start with the things that I like the
first you are seeing it even in this
map that is a bit like this industrial the
colors have improved the colors that is
a bullshit but good the truth is that
in black ops one may have left a little
want the maps the textures of
the colors I do not know the general feeling
here the maps are still very good
At least that seemed to me but
with a little more colorful a bit more
nice that looks like a bullshit but
good at the end when you're going to throw
many hours
that matters according to the sound
it was one of the weak points of black
ops and I think they have improved it here
the sound is more realistic based on
who you have next if you have a wall
but if you're closer to further the
weapons explosions I think it's
better there is not as much nonsense as
in the black ops 1 that if the train that
if he does not know that here we are going he dies here
Well, today is what you have to
living the truth which has also liked
you can turn off the music you can
activate what you want that more things
have liked the animations there you see
they are very simple animations
they pretend to be realistic they do not pretend
compete with battlefield 3 pretend to be
an arcade arcade and I think what
get has some air bounded 4
also certain air to modern warfare 3
it's not so comic the dolls are not so
comic as in white but yes as black
ops 1 sorry I think that's a
improvement at least to me it gives me a
feeling of efficiency that you see what
what you have to see without too many
complications not that more things have
liked the weapons here you see how I carry
a mp7 before I looked at this look
but move ivory man before he wore
another wings I liked very much all
they have little recoil but they are not
so so easy to use has been
lost a bit the retro air of black
ops 1 but well I still like that and that
it brings me to the second part when I speak
of the attacks of improvements that can
have the weapons I will talk about the creation
of classes I do not know if you knew but the
class creation you have 10 slots
attention because there launched an attack
lightning that is kind of like
aires burned is a kind of attack
of mortar good then you have 10
slots and in these 10 were some you
you can use them as you want a weapon is
one slot one secondary weapon is another
an advantage of yours is another an improvement of the
weapon is another so you can handle it
as you want and for now that
I really like weapons have a lot
of improvements to attack things that
you can put in and make the experience
very different and that the truth has
liked that I like more way cinema eye
the game of 13-2 movie mode is the same
that of black ops 1 which is to say
a lot because for me it's the best way
obviously the call of duty cinema
you can
leave it but good thing mode is very
well and you also have good things like
for example the creation of your best
moments the game automatically you
click with the best moments of
your author part and you say I want all
the casualties I want all the casualties with
explosives I want every time there
added points
I want all the casualties that are
spectacular because they are triple low
you put it and it will automatically
catch the game and it makes you the best
moments in a clip and that may be useful
really for many people I think
I that the gusts the gusts are a
little like modern warfare 3 the ones
there are I liked they are very cool
they are very futuristic but neither
too excessive there is no love
or anything like that although the 19 the
swarm is a pass
I like it because you then accumulate
adding points you do not need to kill
simply adding points assists
pulling to v is when the goal is going
adding gusts and that allows you then
I obviously had to have them but when
you get to the third one you come back from
way that if you do not die and you did for
example a 30-0 you could throw six
or nine stripes or whatever it was not that
like and also when you kill with a
streak of points I do not know
low streak and no streak of points
when you kill with a streak of points that
it also adds less but adds you and that
the truth is that I liked it because
You saw it there before with the mortar
that each death added 25 instead of
100 eye that you fry is this kind of
pot that depressed I like a lot
in order that with the gusts you can continue
adding up but less it seems a success
and I find it surprising that I do not
had raised so far no
call of duty those are the things that I
like in the general feeling of the game
It's very good I had a great time
sincerely with modern warfare 3 no
I had that feeling from the beginning
attention that I kill him through the
wall so good things really
they are many and the feeling when playing what
that is one thing that I had seen
many videos but until I do not
you play you do not know the feeling has
liked to see we go to the second round
in which I do it much worse than it has
finished 19-3 very well but now I know
it's going to spoil and we're going to talk about the
things that I do not like unfortunately
bad news the connection the connection
it's crap they're playing it on xbox
but I will also have it in
playstation and I 'll tell you when
have the playstation but the connection
continues to fail as in all call of
duty
if you have
Stripe you always go a bullet from behind
It is also true that when I played in
these days before the launch of the
game there were less people and others
countries with which good I do not know either
You can know better when I think
with Spaniards because the connection is better
but in general the connection is bad and
you had that feeling that when
you have a bad connection you are going to make a
bad game yes or yes and that's very
frustrating and it's the worst of the call of
duty so in that sense bad
news that there are no more code points or
are all points of experience not
you have like in the other one in the black ops
the possibility of unlocking things
and decide how you spend those points
they're all experience points and that's how
spend and I think that that is a mistake is
simpler but I liked them a lot
the code points are not there
contracts there are betting games but
No code points there are no contracts
a lot of challenges in many ways
different and that's fine but the idea
of the black ops contract to me
I loved and the truth honestly the
I miss they have also removed a mode
of game that is called sabotage that
you know it's my favorite they've taken it
surely because he did not play or Christ
but I liked it with which he fucks me
that they have removed it they have put a way
new that is called
in which there are three patrols of three
playing at the same time you compete against
another team but against two others
equipment and that's fine but I like it
then there are the league games that
I honestly could not prove when
I tried it with the two I can try it
I'll explain it but good for now
those would be the things that I do not
eye eye eye eye eye eye kill it now
at once
fuck the customization and that and all
those issues that I have not said is still
great you can customize it all the
arms the little symbol that has this there
all of that all that the truth that not what
have lost and I liked that but
good in the end attention that I
kill that has been my analysis of black
ops 2 my first impressions very
fast I will obviously go up
many videos made this very afternoon
it will upload a video of a series that
called gusts stitches that explained the
larger gusts so you can see them in
in instructions mode or yes but good
I think it can be interesting for
those who doubt and if you want to know
how is each streak of points not of casualties
etcetera no, because this has been all this
it will be my departure
that you liked it I hope that I have
served a lot and play black ops
guys 28-12 see you then goodbye